https://medium.com/@kieran.milligan/my-journey-to-web-development-3721331360c9

https://medium.com/@kieran.milligan/personal-obstacle-beginner-debugging-cd7f2033fd91


Amazon-started off as an online book retailer, and has since become the largest
online retailer in the world. While it has competed heavily with Walmart over
the past several years, Amazon's true innovation comes from their tech offerings.
While Walmart relies on brick and mortar shops, Amazon's commerce focus is
almost entirely online. Having such a heavy internet presence has required
Amazon to think ahead of the game as far as user interface, ease of access,
service offerings to all business sizes through Amazon Web Service, as well as
a whole host of digital offerings for consumers to go along with all of the
physical product.

Elon Musk is a brilliant engineer and entrepreneur. I originally came across his
name after reading about SpaceX, his aerospace transportation company, and their
efforts to bring commercial space travel to the masses. After looking into him
a bit more, I found out he also co-founded PayPal, a currency transfer service
that operates online for processing digital transactions. Musk used what I
imagine were his PayPal earnings to start SpaceX and also invest heavily in an
electric car brand called Tesla, which makes amazingly efficient and appealing
electric cars that require little to no maintenance. I heard recently that Tesla
was able to fix a hardware malfunction through a software patch, which I find
incredible.

Warren Buffett has long been an icon to me. He is a self-made billionaire (he
got his start with candy and pinball machines as a kid), and has since become,
in my mind, an ideal for other capitalists to strive for and live up to. Regardless
of his astounding wealth and connections through his investment firm
Berkshire Hathaway, Buffett has for many years been a champion of responsible
social spending as well as progressive tax reform. The biggest surprise to me in
recent years is the revelation that Anthem Health Care, Amazon, Inc., and
Berkshire Hathaway are teaming up to take on Health Care in a combined effort
that will likely have long-term repercussions in the years to come.

Anthem Health Care (Blue Cross and Blue Shield) has been a leader in the Health
Care industry for many years. The reason that I'm including them on this list is
because of their turn towards preventative medicine. Anthem has realized that if
their members take better care of themselves on the front end, it would limit
claims on the back end. So Anthem began a Preventative Health and Wellness
program, in which enrolled members can call in at their leisure to speak with a
number of different healthcare professionals, including Doctors, Nurses,
Dietitians, Pharmacists, among others, and ask questions about whatever health
impairment they are dealing with. Anthem also made specialized wellness programs
for members dealing with diabetes, heart conditions, and several other common
health issues in an effort to assist everyday people in managing their long-term
conditions. This is a great system for everyone involved. Anthem ultimately spends
less on claims, the health care professionals have a steady stream of clients
and work (with results based and rated on overall wellness of the members), and
the members can improve their quality of life by working the program.

Jeff Bezos is a Thought Leader. He left a high-paying job at an investment firm
on the belief that online commerce would be HUGE. It has been. In the 20 years
since it's inception, Jeff Bezos has operated Amazon in a way that has always
been progressive and forward thinking. Amazon has been at the forefront of tech
innovation for two decades now. What started out as a humble online discounted
book retailer has now become a house-hold name for everything from everyday
essentials, specialty items, and digital offerings to web services and hosting
(fun fact, Amazon actually hosts the entirety of Netflix), helping small
businesses, and bringing commerce and information services world-wide.
